# MYCSD-Points-Calculator

The program requires us to calculate the points collected by each student based on MyCSD generic components. Therefore, we assume that there are more than one student and we retrieve datas through file streaming in the form of students’ namelist and their matric ID. The datas collected are then stored into arrays of object. There are 9 components to calculate MyCSD points and we ask the user to key in the points scored by each student in the namelist for every component. Data from the file and data from the user are all retrieved, processed and analysed from the array. Input data methods / functions are all implemented in the main and they are then sent to their subsequent classes through object. All the member variables are set as private in the classes to avoid unnecessary access and only the methods / functions listed 
in public are able to access these member variables. Global variables are not used in our program. We also avoided using advanced data structures such as vector, linked list, queue, stack and binary tree. Object declaration in the main function is of type derived class. We created 3 classes, the Students class to save the namelists of the students, the Mycsd class to contain the points collected by every student and CalculatePoints class to calculate the total points collected by each student after keying in points collected in each generic component. The Mycsd class inherits the Students class whereas the CalculatePoints class is a composition class of Mycsd class. We used friend function to print out the data stored in derived class and we used operator overloading to increment the subscript using array index operator. After keying in all the points collected by the students, the problem will calculate the total points and at the end of the program it will output all the students’ name retrieved from the file with their matric number and their MyCSD points.
